Add improvements. (#2571)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/develop/extend/write-custom-functions-for-adaptive-authentication.md

The following steps provide some guidelines on how you can write custom
functions for adaptive authentication.

1.  Create an Apache Maven module that has packaging type as 'bundle'
    and add the maven-bundle-plugin configuration. You may skip this
    step if you are adding a function to an existing component providing
    a related functionality.
2.  Create a functional interface (i.e., Interface with a single public

>     method). The method name and parameters should be the same as you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    method). The method name and parameters should be the same as the ones you
```

>     would be providing from js. You may need to use wrapper classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    provide from js. You may need to use wrapper classes
```
